howto add key (#330)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: README.md

- Python 3.8 - 3.11
- JupyterLab 4

## Setting Up Model Providers in a Notebook

To use any AI model provider within this notebook, you'll need the appropriate credentials, such as API keys.

Obtain the necessary credentials (e.g., API keys) from your model provider's platform.

In a new cell, set the credentials as follows:

```python
import os

# NOTE: Replace 'YOUR_CREDENTIAL_HERE' with your actual credential.
# And replace 'YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE' with the appropriate name.
os.environ["YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE"] = 'YOUR_CREDENTIAL_HERE'
```

> If you're using ChatGPT from OpenAI, it would look like:

Reviewer: We take a vendor-neutral approach in Jupyter AI, so let's avoid mentioning only OpenAI in the README file. You can also use a generic suggestion such as:

```
os.environ["PROVIDER_API_KEY"] = 'YOUR_API_KEY_HERE'
```

Author: removed chatgpt and I updated the example.

- Python 3.8 - 3.11
- JupyterLab 4

## Setting Up Model Providers in a Notebook

To use any AI model provider within this notebook, you'll need the appropriate credentials, such as API keys.

Obtain the necessary credentials (e.g., API keys) from your model provider's platform.

> In a new cell, set the credentials as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set your keys using environment variables or in a code cell in your notebook.
In a code cell, you can set the credentials as follows:
```

```python
import os

> # NOTE: Replace 'PROVIDER_API_KEY' with your actual credential.
> # And replace 'YOUR_API_KEY_HERE' with the appropriate name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: Replace 'PROVIDER_API_KEY' with the credential key's name,
# and replace 'YOUR_API_KEY_HERE' with the key.
```

os.environ["PROVIDER_API_KEY"] = 'YOUR_API_KEY_HERE'
```

> Adjust the environment variable name and the placeholder for your specific model provider.
> For more specific instructions for each model provider, refer to [the model providers documentation](https://jupyter-ai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users/index.html#model-providers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more specific instructions for each model provider, refer to [the model providers documentation](https://jupyter-ai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users/index.html#model-providers).
```

The first line of this block is now redundant with the code comment above.
